Hi,I am Min TZING, Managing Director of Flamenco Realty.  I am writing to report a deal 
which has aroused my suspicion. On 13 Dec 2012 (2:00 pm), my realtor (Sammy Sung) informed me by 
text messages that he was preparing an offer (property address: 3330 Southbend Road, West Vancouver 
C2V 9K7).  He asked if it was legal when both the buyer and seller agreed 
to accept two million Canadian dollars as deposit and the deposit would be released to 
the seller directly on 13 Mar 2019 as agreed by both parties.  I replied that both parties should 
find their own legal representatives and deposit could be submitted to the buyer's lawyer or 
our Brokerage.  The release of the deposit would be handled by the lawyers.
Our Brokerage received the deposit ($200,000) on 14 Dec 2012 and receipt was issued. 
The subject free offer was received by email on 17 Dec 2012.   On the page 2 of 6   
in the contract, it   states 'The Buyers agree to increase the deposit to TWOMILLION Dollars 
on or before January 13th, 2013 and authorize the selling brokerage 
'Amex Flamenco Realty' to release the TWO MILLION DOLLARS deposit directly to the Seller, 
no later than January 11th, 2013.'
According to my realtor, the buyers realized the risk and the deposit would be held by 
the seller if the deal was not going to complete.   Therefore, I required our Realtor to 
add an addendum to mention 'Buyer and seller both agree that, if the buyer fails to 
complete the deal on Feb 25, 2013, the total deposit (two million Canadian dollars) is 
irreversible.  That is, the total deposit will not be returned to the buyer and the seller 
will keep the deposit (two million Canadian dollars) as compensation after Feb 24, 2013. 
Both parties agree not to file any lawsuit upon the failure of deal completion.'
However, the buyers refused to sign the addendum and refused to appoint any legal
representatives to handle the release of the deposit.
After discussing with my realtor, I  found the following points of suspicion:
Buyers insisted not to find a lawyer to represent them and handle the large amount of 
deposit.  They simply wanted to wire the deposit and the remaining amount (Four 
Million Dollars) directly to our trust account from overseas.  I refused and confirmed 
that our Brokerage can only accept the deposit by bank draft issued by local Canadian 
banks.
Since they refused to appoint the lawyers to release the deposit, I didn't approve 
the clause  written on page 2 of 6 in the contract.
I am therefore writing to seek your guidance on this deal.  Attached you can find the 
contract and the emails concerning this deal.  Since it is very urgent, I would like to 
require your prompt reply to this report before 06 Feb 2013.  Thank you.
If you need any further details, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Best Regards,
Min TZING
Managing Broker